SPCTR-2722-Fix Masonry Gallery feature not working in FSE (#3042)
brainstormforce/ultimate-addons-for-gutenberg: readme.txt

* Fix: Typography Control - Removed the capability to set negative values for line height and font size settings.
* Fix: Global - Resolved an issue in which fonts would not load in the customizer when Spectra blocks are used in Astra theme's header/footer section.
* Fix: Global - Updated the mobile settings to inherit tablet setting values in the editor instead of inheriting desktop values.

> * Fix: Resolved an issue with the Masonry Gallery extension not working properly in the FSE.

Reviewer: Let's move this changelog Entry into = x.x.x =

```suggestion
* Fix: Masonry Gallery - Resolved an issue in which the Masonry Gallery extension would not work as intended in the FSE.
```

Author: Made changes, please re-review .
